ArgoCD docs (#542)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/additional-services/argocd.md

Argo CD™
=======

![ArgoCD Deployment Model](img/argocd.drawio.svg)

This page will help you succeed in connecting to Argo CD application which meets your security and compliance requirements.

## Provision a New Argo CD Cluster

Ask your service-specific administrator to install a Argo CD inside your Compliant Kubernetes environment.The service-specific administrator will ensure the Argo CD cluster complies with your security requirements, including:

> * **Business continuity**: We recommend a highly available setup with at minimum three instances.

Reviewer: Didn't we say we would go for two?

Author: @cristiklein thanks looks like we haven't decided yet , this what i heard from the team. I have a look into old adr - https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/adr/0030-run-argocd-on-elastisys-nodes/ , we haven't conluded yet looks like :) , or i can edit to say "To be decided"

Author: I have made it with two instances for now !!

Reviewer 2: We only run one replica per argocd pod for now, although spread out across two nodes. I think this wording makes it sound like we run two replicas of the argocd pods, so maybe that should be changed.

Author: thanks @viktor-f Fixed it :)

> * **Business continuity**: It runs with only one replica of argocd pod although spread across two nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Business continuity**: Due to its functionality, ArgoCD does not need high availability and Kubernetes's self-healing is sufficient for business continuity of ArgoCD. Hence, it is sufficient to run only one replica of ArgoCD provided at least two Nodes have capacity to host it.
```

Author: Thanks @cristiklein Updated the same :)

* **Disaster recovery**: Your service-specific administrator will configure velero with regular backups.
* **Capacity management**: Your service-specific administrator will ensure Argo CD has enough capacity to meet your needs,as required to get the best performance.
* **Incident management**: Your administrator will set up the necessary probes, dashboards and alerts, to discover issues and resolve them, before they become a problem.
* **Access control**: Your administrator will provides Argo CD URL that has authentication using Dex.

> Compliant Kubernetes recommends the [Argo CD](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd).

Reviewer: Here we usually give out a bit of our "secret sauce".

```suggestion
For installing ArgoCD, Compliant Kubernetes recommends the [Argo CD Helm Chart](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm/).
```

Author: thanks fixed
